Intro
Open Interpreter is an open source project that lets LLMs run code. It's a natural language
interface to your computer's capabilities. You simply chat with it like you would with ChatGPT,
but OI can actually execute code to get things done, whether that's editing a video,
scraping data from the web, or analyzing a large dataset. Or you can import it as a library into
your Python project to bring intelligence into your scripts. Open Interpreter makes AI assistance
Installation
accessible to everyone, even non-technical users via a chat interface on your computer.
It's very straightforward, and I have a few options to get you started.
The easiest way to start using Open Interpreter is to use the one-click installer. There's one
for Mac, Windows, and Linux. Just check out the link in the description.
Once you run the installer and OI is downloaded, you can run it by opening your terminal and
typing `interpreter`. If you already use Python, I recommend installing OI with `pip install open
interpreter`, and then again run it in your terminal with `interpreter`. Be sure to set up
a virtual environment with virtualenv. OI requires Python 3.10 or 3.11, so set up your environment
accordingly.
Open Source
OI is fully open source, and you can see all of the code on GitHub. If you're more technical and
want to make changes to the code, you can clone the repo and run OI with Poetry. Just run poetry
install and `poetry run interpreter` to run your local code in your terminal. Check out our guides
on making contributions raising issues. Open Interpreter became as powerful as it is today
because of the community working together to build this amazing technology. Running Interpreter
without any arguments uses the default settings, including setting the model to GPT-4 turbo,
and requires asking you to
improve code before running it. OI runs in your local environment with full access to the
internet, is not restricted by time or file size, and can utilize any package or library. OI is
Advantages
flexible and customizable. It works with a variety of language models, so you can use your
favourite, even local ones, totally offline. I'll go over those details in another video, but check
out the documentation to learn more and see example use cases. You can run interpreter --help
to see all of the flags or interpreter --profiles to see how different profiles will configure OI. The types of
things you can accomplish with Open Interpreter are virtually limitless, and you don't need to be
a programmer. Just explain what you want it to do in natural language, and OI will write the code
and show it to you for approval before running anything. If you want to use Open Interpreter
programmatically in your Python project, include the import statement `from interpreter
import interpreter`, and then `interpreter.chat()` starts an interactive chat. Passing an instruction
into chat executes a single command. Open Interpreter is going to change the way we
use computers. With Open Interpreter, the only limit is your imagination. Install it today,
and start pushing the boundaries of what you can achieve with your computer. Join
our Discord or community on X for more resources and lots of helpful people.
The future of human-computer interaction is here, and it's Open Interpreter.

